on this episode we're going to take a
French classic called a croque monsieur
and if you like grilled cheese
sandwiches this one takes grilled cheese
sandwiches to the next level yeah so if
you're ready let's get to work let's
start by making our sauce melt two
tablespoons of butter in a saucepan and
add in some flour to make a roux gently
cook out the raw smell of a flower but
don't allow it to color when that's done
gradually add some warm milk and whisk
until you have a nice smooth sauce
season with a little nutmeg and
congratulations you just made that
Chanel sauce the classic French mother
sauce to that bechamel we're gonna add
some shredded Parmesan cheese and
continue to whisk until you get it silky
smooth season with a little salt your
bechamel is now a mornay sauce see what
you can learn when you cook with me now
set that aside on low heat and let's
continue
okay got some toasted bread here you can
use a white bread of your choice but
today I'm going to use some Winnipeg rye
bread which is a lightly colored and
very flavorful bread made from crack
Ryan white flour now what I'm gonna do
here is I'm going to spread both slices
with some Dijon mustard follow that with
some shredded Gruyere a nice layer of
shaved ham admor Gruyere then top with
the other slice of bread now let's put
this on a baking sheet and we're gonna
spoon on some of that great mornay sauce
you just made lastly we're gonna top it
with some more cheese and then we're
gonna put it under the broiler until
everything's nice and golden golden
melty Gruyere thinly sliced ham and a
silky mornay sauce are you kidding me
grilled cheese just got way better now
there are so many regional variations to
this dish I can't even count them
depending on the different ingredients
that you want to add to this base recipe
so take this recipe and let me know in
the comments how you would make the
croque monsieur your own for more great
recipes visit us at triple w dot the
aimless cook calm and subscribe
you